Create ui-c8y-1021-39-1-codex-branding-and-tokens-update-8095-graft-release-cd-8324.md (#2944)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-39-1-codex-branding-and-tokens-update-8095-graft-release-cd-8324.md

---
date: ""

> title: Update Codex branding and tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Updated branding and tokens in the Cumulocity Codex
```

> title: Updated branding and tokens in the Cumulocity Codex

Reviewer: @carlosceia Is this a change to the Codex documentation or to the UI design?

Reviewer 2: It's just in the codex documentation. After the UI update we needed to update the token documentation to reflect that

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62193
version: 1021.39.1
---

> As part of ongoing improvements to the Codex design system, the branding and design tokens have been updated. The changes include refreshed colors, typography, and spacing to provide a more modern and consistent look and feel across the user interface. This documentation reflects the latest token updates implemented in the Web SDK. These updates may result in minor visual differences in the appearance of some UI elements, but should not impact the overall functionality or behavior of the system."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of ongoing improvements to the Codex design system, the branding and design tokens have been updated. The changes include refreshed colors, typography, and spacing to provide a more modern and consistent look and feel across the user interface. With this change, the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex documentation](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/apps/codex/) has been updated accordingly and now reflects the latest token updates implemented in the Web SDK."
```
